Now let's update this style of this form.
For this one.
I'm going to use bootstrap.
And what I will do is just here in this CSS link, I will just copy this CD URL, just this ref.
Then going back to the project.
In the project, we apply the global styles into the styles CSS it's under.
This I see right here.
And we are going to import a URL and that URL is the one.
I just copied this one.
And let's save this one.
Now we see its effect.
We see the the text is changed.
Also, the button style is changed.
Now we are going to use the styles to bootstrap styles in the application.
And the first thing is in the app component.
App component is HTML.
I'm just going to wrap this up.
Sign up with a div.
And indicative I will set the style container.
This is adding spacing around the the main content.
In this one it's not that easy to see but if you go full screen.
Here we see the form is having space around it.
And I'll also I will be adding spacing to the top of this container and I'm going to use the utility
classes of bootstrap and it is p t padding top and the number is three.
So like if you open the bootstrap and if you go to the utilities for spacing.
We have the margin or padding.
And also it has the directions like the top button and start and.
And these are the other options.
And we have the size value added to it.
And the size are like this from 0 to 5.
And there is this auto bootstrap has this spacer value.
And basically the, the number we are setting is used as a multiplier for that one.
So if it's at one, then we get the quarter of that spacer.
If we set two, then we get half of the spacer and if we set the three we get, we get the full spacer
and as we increase, the space is increased like this.
So I've added padding to top.
And here we have spacing between top of the page and the top of the content.
Now I'm going to.
Use the bootstrap cart for this form.
So having another div rapping all the content and it has this cart and moving all content into this
div.
So if I save at this point, it's not going to show too much.
But now we are seeing a border around the the form.
Then we can use other cards of styles like we can set this h one to be in the class card.
Heather.
And moving this one into that card header.
Now the card header has the style and the header sign up text is in it.
By the way, let's move the text to the center and we can do it by the text center.
Class of bootstrap.
Like this.
And then we have this form so the form can have the.
Class of card, buddy.
And let's have the form style for each of the label and input bootstrap as the classes for the label,
class, form, label and for the input class is form control.
So if I save like this now the label is here and the input is below that.
And when I focus to the input, I get this blue focus color around that input.
Let's also add spacing between this these two label inputs pair with the others.
So having another div here and moving this one for this one, we can add spacing again, we can add
margin to the bottom like this and B and again, we can go with three.
So we have full spacing again and we are going to repeat same thing for the others as well.
So for this label.
Just copying this class form label from the username and pasting to the label.
Email label password and label password.
Repeat.
And copying the form control class from input and pasting to email input.
Password input and password repeat input.
Now it looks better.
Let's also wrap all of them with this div.
All label input pairs like this or having another.
They're right here.
And the next one for the password.
And the last one is for the password.
Repeat.
So this looks better.
So if I just click to the inputs, the the focus is more obvious or if I just click to the label again,
we see which input is focused.
And for the button, let's move the button to the center as well.
So just wrapping it with another div.
And moving this button into the state and setting the class as text center.
And also let's at the colossus of the bootstrap for the button BTN and BTN primary.
So it's going to have the primary color.
Like this.
At the moment the button is disabled, so we have this a bit fade out version of the primary colour.
But as soon as the password and password repeat are same, now we get the the primary colour.
Bootstrap also has the styling for the different screen sizes.
So if I go full screen right here now the form is spreading to the whole page.
But let's make sure it's fitting to the centre like we fit it to the centre of the page.
And to do that we can again.
Let's wrap whole thing with another div.
And just moving this into that new div.
Now we are going to use the columns of the bootstrap.
The page is split into 12 columns and we can make our form to to contain a couple of those columns based
on the screen sizes.
The screen size has options like the large, medium, small.
So we are going to use them as well.
So for this one, we want this form to be having.
Like in large screen, it's going to be taking six columns.
So this call log six means it's going to take six columns of it in a large screen.
And if I save it.
In this screen, we don't see difference.
But if I go to the full screen window now, we have this layout.
So the form is taking half of the screen.
But let's make sure it's it's more in the center.
There are six more columns in this page, so we can set an offset for this one.
So like we can say, let's have three columns on the left, then add the six columns of this content,
then the remaining will be three columns as well.
So it's going to be in the center.
So like here we can say.
Offset.
LG So in large screen the offset will be three saving it.
And if I check once again now we have offset of three like here.
And here we can highlight this part like this called LLG.
So this is the the blue part is the main content and the the offset is the orange part.
So we have equal spacing around the form at the moment.
And just like I said, there is different screen size versions.
So like if the screen is smaller, then let's say call.
And so if the screen size is medium, then let's make sure we take eight of 12 columns.
And then for that case, the offset of medium will be two saving it.
So for checking this one, we can use the responsive layout functionality and we can change the screen
size right here to see how it is looking for different screen resolutions.
We are not going to go into too much about the bootstrap.
This is the style I'm going to apply.
If you want to learn more about Bootstrap.
Just check the documentation of it and go with the way you want to implement your form style.